hi everyone welcome back to my channel
today I'm doing a glam rock makeup look
for you and I hope you enjoy it so the
first thing I'm gonna do is go into my
empty bag and take my cover FX
mattifying primer I like this primer
because it's an anti acne treatment so
it heals and prevents any of my
blemishes and it also minimizes the
appearance of my fine lines and pores
next I'm gonna take my sheer cover
concealer in light medium and just cover
up any dark circles or any blemishes now
it's time to prime the eyes so now I'm
taking my Urban Decay primer potion and
applying that all over my lids
now I'm going to transform my lid into
one big wing by taking my Urban Decay
24/7 velvet glide on eye pencil and I'm
going to draw out the wing that I want
I like this pencil because of the
formula it's ultra plush so it's easy to
blend out and for this look I'm actually
smudging out the top of the wing now I'm
gonna take a black eyeshadow and fill in
the wings outline until it's opaque
with my Mac 219 brush I'm going to clean
up the wing and mold it to the exact
shape that I wanted so now I'm gonna
prep my lids for glitter let me take
this mixing medium and apply it all over
my lid
so the first glitter that I'm picking up
is a purple glitter but it actually
looks blue and I'm just going to apply
that to the center of the lids and then
I'm going to go in to a black glitter
and apply that on the inner corner of
the lid and the outer part of the lid
now I'm going to line my waterline with
a black pencil liner
with an angled eyeliner brush I'm just
going to smudge the black liner down
into the lash line all right so now I'm
gonna take my such a tease lashes and
the name of these last lashes are so
seductive and I'm just going to apply
them to the center of my lid and then
attach one side at a time
now I'm going to take my buxom mascara
and apply that to my lashes
usually I apply my lip balms before I
start my makeup so my lips are prepped
and moisturize but I forgot something to
do it now before I apply my lip color
and this is a pillow plush from Michelle
fawns line and then I'm gonna go in with
a contour color and just define my
cheekbones by applying the contour right
at the hollows of my cheeks for added
definition now I am taking the newest
tint from benefit it's the wali tint and
just apply three strokes to your cheeks
and then blend it in you want to do that
right away because I tried this before
and I kind of let it sit and it
literally just stained my cheeks it is a
cheek and lip stain so I should have
known but you know
now I'm taking my Mary Kay at play jelly
lipgloss in the color teddy bear and I
really like it's the perfect nude color
I really like this color wanted to give
my hair a lift so I'm taking this sexy
hair root pump volumizing spray mousse
so I can have that fullness and still
get the hold so I'm just spraying it and
then I'm slightly teasing it with a
teasing comb and I'm doing that to the
crown in the sides just doing it a
little and then shaking it out so that
it's nice and voluminous ah my ring got
caught now I'm taking my rainbow honey
nail polish in the color midnight
fountain it has a holographic and
iridescent glitter in it so I really I
think it's really pretty and I think it
fits our glam rock look perfectly so
here is the final look guys I hope you
enjoyed the video as much as I enjoyed
making it for you guys as always I hope
you find the beauty and something or
someone new today don't forget to
subscribe for more videos and that's it
I love you guys until the next video bye
Dolly's